Steve,

Below you will find notes about the status of NAMAP, NAME, and EPIC.
I added comments about recent items since questions could come up.
Let me know if you need more info. I do expect to be in the office monday.

Also, I have just a bit more to redo on our "improved" NAME web pages.
So you may want to wait to copy those for your presentation.

LEC


NAMAP
------------------------------
We've kept web pages up-to-date. Changed dataset names, etc. according to Gutzler's/NASA's request.

Recently added NAMAP Verification Data (SWAMP CLASS RAOBS).
Jose is investigation other SWAMP datasets that may be added....please ask him for list.

9 out of 10 original (expected) datasets received and on-line. The 10th dataset
may never be received according to Gutzler. The data would be the RCM data from Liang.

Don is gathering stats on sizes, counts, etc. for NAMAP and will email you this
weekend or Monday.

Gutzler also recently (in the last month or so) said that errors were found in some
of the model data that we currently have on-line. I believe the errors are in the 
NCEP_ETA and NCEP_RSM models. 

Because I thought the project was *done*. I shut down the ftp/pub/incoming/name/namap
area, but since they will be resending some model data, I have reinstated that area.
They should be able to ftp data again as per the original ftp instructions. 
As of 18 April 2003, they have not yet sent the corrected data. Also
to reclaim ftp space I moved the original namap data to /ingest.
This means users will not see their original data in the ftp site, 
but we still have it...plus all final data are on CODIAC.


NAME
------------------------------
Reworking NAME web pages and preparing to receive datasets:
   See new pages at http://www.joss.ucar.edu/name/lecdir

   Consolidating pages, links. Will be available in Spanish and English.
   Setting up Mailing Lists - have general NAME list and SWG List created.
      Need full list of participants for general list.
      Need subgroup names of other mailing lists and participants so can create.
   Created CODIAC NAME project page. CODIAC is ready to accept NAME datasets.
   Created NAME Master Table List.
      Need complete list of data category types and dataset names for Master List
      (i.e., no datasets received or loaded onto CODIAC)
   Created general JOSS DM page with draft policies, submission guidelines, instructions.
      Please review.

EPIC
------------------------------
Janine is processing the P-3 data and the raw will be placed online asap.
She sent you a message on this and PACS status. Don will gather stats on PACS
and email you this weekend or Monday.

There are 150 datasets on the Master List. 100 are linkable or "In Progress" (2/3) 
and 50 are not linkable (1/3). Of the 100 datasets, 75 datasets have documentation 
or 75% are documented. 

I see that we still have "Draft" on the data policy and on the data management plan...
can we remove that?

I marked some of our "JOSS/Stossmeister" EPIC datasets as "In Progress" since this
is true in that we have data on tape and are working on getting those tapes copied,
etc. and put on-line.

Don is gathering the stats on the size, file counts ,etc. for EPIC. He'll send
an email either this weekend or Monday.

---end of file---
